4.19.2025

Headline: 'It's really hard to have any hope': Gaza doctor describes daily struggle
News: The BBC joins a GP in Gaza as she sees dozens of patients, struggling to treat them with a dwindling supply of drugs.

Headline: US senator says 'traumatised' man deported to El Salvador moved to new prison
News: Sen Chris Van Hollen returned from El Salvador and spoke about his time meeting with Kilmar Ábrego García.

Headline: 'It's really hard to have any hope': Gaza doctor describes daily struggle
News: The BBC joins a GP in Gaza as she sees dozens of patients, struggling to treat them with a dwindling supply of drugs.

Headline: US senator says 'traumatised' man deported to El Salvador moved to new prison
News: Sen Chris Van Hollen returned from El Salvador and spoke about his time meeting with Kilmar Ábrego García.

Headline: Why you should let insects eat your plants
News: Renegade gardeners across the world are embracing a new philosophy: gardening that prioritises insects, not plants.

Headline: The 'living tractors' reviving Turkey's wastelands
News: When water buffalo make a home for themselves in abandoned spaces, they can bring with them a rich array of frogs, bats and plant life.

Headline: To save fuel, planes may learn to fly like geese
News: Some species of birds like geese save energy by flying in close formation. Airliners could use a similar trick to burn less fuel.

Headline: Who is the man in middle of Maryland deportation case?
News: Officials in the US and El Salvador have been unwilling to return the man home, sparking a legal battle.

Headline: Donegal helps Ireland's bid to save thatched cottages 
News: The race is on to save Ireland's remaining thatched cottages and train the next generation of thatchers.

Headline: 'Not the time to discuss future' - Alonso on Real Madrid links
News: Xabi Alonso says it is "not a good time" to discuss his future after the Bayer Leverkusen boss was linked with Real Madrid.

Headline: Starmer and Trump discuss 'productive' trade talks
News: The men held their first call since the US president imposed tariffs on UK goods earlier this month.

Headline: Influencers fuelling misogyny in schools, UK teachers say
News: Almost three in five teachers believe social media use has had a negative effect on behaviour in schools, according to a union poll. 

Headline: Scientists find 'strongest evidence yet' of life on distant planet
News: Scientists find new but tentative evidence that a faraway world orbiting another star may be home to life.

Headline: Will WWE's big Netflix gamble pay off at WrestleMania?
News: Wrestling's main event is to stream live on Netflix for the first time - here's why it matters. 

Headline: Why this iconic 1839 painting is not what it seems
News: As museums around the world celebrate the 250th birthday of JMW Turner, it's time to reappraise his beloved and celebrated painting, The Fighting Temeraire.

Headline: The baffling purple honey only found in the US South
News: In a quiet corner of North Carolina, bees produce a violet-hued honey so rare and unpredictable that even experts can't explain it – and that's what makes it magical.

Headline: Thailand's cooling rice dish to beat the heat 
News: The sweltering heat during Buddhist New Year calls for khao chae, a fragrant and refreshing bowl of rice delicately scented with flowers.

Headline: Bottlenose dolphins spotted killing dolphin juvenile
News: Rare attack seen by dolphin spotting tour could become more common as the seas warm, an expert says.

Headline: Up-close with giant river otters as they learn how to fish
News: It takes three years for an otter cub to master the complexities of a successful hunt.

